Update the CONTRIBUTING.md (#322)
4C-multiphysics/4C: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Types of contributions
- [Issues](#Issues)
- [Pull requests](#Pull-requests)
- [Documentation](#Documentation)

**All contributions to 4C must adhere to [The European Code of Conduct for Research Integrity – Revised Edition 2023](http://www.doi.org/10.26356/ECOC).**

## Issues
Issues are generally used to remind or inform yourself or others about certain things in the
software. We use them to report bugs, start a feature request, or plan tasks. Please refer to [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C/discussions) to ask questions.

To create an issue, select one of our templates and provide a detailed description.

Before opening a new issue, please check whether your bug has
already been reported within the existing issues. Opening an issue is a valid contribution on its own and does not mean you
have to solve it yourself.

## Pull requests

### 1. Setup of 4C
Set up 4C as described in the [README.md](README.md)

### 2. Prepare your development environment

To ensure a high quality of the repository, we enforce some pre-commit hooks in the repository. You can activate them by executing the following command in your source directory:

> In the source directory, execute

Reviewer: This one, and the other one below, is already part of the sentence above.

```
./utilities/set_up_dev_env.sh
```

> to set up our pre-commit hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### 3. Code development

Add your changes to the codebase. Please add unit tests or input-file tests that capture your changes. For further information, see our documentation on [testing](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/4Ctesting.html).

#### Coding style
4C enforces specific styles of the source code. For example, our C++ style is based on the [Google C++ Style](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html) which is automatically enforced with pre-commit hooks and in pull request checks. Please annotate your C++ source code with [Doxygen](https://doxygen.nl/index.html) comments.

#### Commit messages
Please provide meaningful commit messages.

### 4. Test your code
New code must be tested. Please also ensure that all existing tests pass by running `ctest` in
your build directory. For further information, see our documentation on [testing](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/4Ctesting.html).

### 5. Submit a pull request
Once you submitted your pull request, checks will run automatically to verify that you changes do not break existing functionality. We will review your changes before it can be merged into the `main` branch.

## Documentation

> In 4C, we have two types of documentation. The [4C user documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/) generated with [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/#) and the [4C source code documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/doxygen/) generated with [Doxygen](https://doxygen.nl/index.html). We welcome any improvements to our documentation. More information can be found [here](doc/README.md).

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
In 4C, we have two types of documentation. The general [4C documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/) generated with [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/#) and the [4C source code documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/doxygen/) generated with [Doxygen](https://doxygen.nl/index.html). We welcome any improvements to our documentation. More information can be found [here](doc/README.md).
```

> In 4C, we have two types of documentation. The [4C user documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/) generated with [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/#) and the [4C source code documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/doxygen/) generated with [Doxygen](https://doxygen.nl/index.html). We welcome any improvements to our documentation. More information can be found [here](doc/README.md).

Reviewer 2: I like that.

# Contributing to 4C

Thank you for your willingness to contribute to 4C. We welcome all types of contributions, irrespective of size and complexity.

### Types of contributions
- [Issues](#Issues)
- [Pull requests](#Pull-requests)
- [Documentation](#Documentation)

**All contributions to 4C must adhere to [The European Code of Conduct for Research Integrity – Revised Edition 2023](http://www.doi.org/10.26356/ECOC).**

## Issues
Issues are generally used to remind or inform yourself or others about certain things in the
software. We use them to report bugs, start a feature request, or plan tasks. Please refer to [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C/discussions) to ask questions.

To create an issue, select one of our templates and provide a detailed description.

Before opening a new issue, please check whether your bug has
already been reported within the existing issues. Opening an issue is a valid contribution on its own and does not mean you
have to solve it yourself.

## Pull requests

> ### 1. Install 4C
> Install 4C as described in the [README.md](README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Setup of 4C
Set up 4C as described in the [README.md](README.md)
```

I think an installation in the sense of #44 is typically not necessary.

> ### 2. Set up the virtual environment for development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Prepare your development environment

To ensure a high quality of the repository, we enforce some pre-commit hooks in the repository. You can activate them by executing the following command in your source directory:
```

In the source directory, execute
```
./utilities/set_up_dev_env.sh
```
to set up our pre-commit hooks.

> ### 3. Code development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Code development

Add your changes to the codebase. Please add unit tests or input-file tests that capture your changes. For further information, see our documentation on [testing](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/4Ctesting.html).
```

#### Coding style

> 4C uses `clang-format` to apply our coding style. It is based on the [Google C++ Style](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html). Non-compliant code will lead to failing CI pipelines and will, therefore, not be merged.
> Also, please annotate the source code with [Doxygen](https://doxygen.nl/index.html) comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4C enforces specific styles of the source code. For example, our C++ style is based on the [Google C++ Style](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html) which is automatically enforced with pre-commit hooks and in pull request checks. Please annotate your C++ source code with [Doxygen](https://doxygen.nl/index.html) comments.
```

Reviewer 3: Why mention the ancestry of our code style at all? I would remove the Google reference and just say something like:

```
Your changes are checked for a number of coding style conventions when creating a commit.
These conventions are also verified when you submit a pull request.
```

Reviewer 3: I just think it is not relevant in this high-level view. Also, what you are linking to is the general Google C++ _coding_ guideline.

#### Commit messages
Please provide meaningful commit messages.

### 4. Test your code
New code must be tested. Please also ensure that all existing tests pass by running `ctest` in
your build directory. For further information, see our documentation on [testing](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/4Ctesting.html).

### 5. Submit a pull request
Please use the available pull request template and fill out all sections of the template.
When you have submitted a pull request, and the CI pipeline passes, it will be reviewed.

## Documentation

> Besides [Doxygen](https://doxygen.nl/index.html) for source code documentation, 4C uses [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/#) to generate the
> [4C documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/).
> Instructions on how to build the documentation can be found [here](doc/README.md).
> We believe that documentation is essential and, therefore, welcome any improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 4C, we have two types of documentation. The [4C user documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/) generated with [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/#) and [4C source code documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/doxygen/) generated with [Doxygen](https://doxygen.nl/index.html). We welcome any improvements to our documentation. More information can be found [here](doc/README.md).
```
